AIX Agent: Update list of available integrations (#11756)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/basic_agent_usage/aix.md

## Configuration

The configuration files and folders for the Agent are located in `/etc/datadog-agent/datadog.yaml`

A sample configuration file can be found in `/etc/datadog-agent/datadog.yaml.example`.

> A basic configuration typically requires your Datadog API key. To submit your metrics to a different site (eg: the EU instance), the `site` configuration option is available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A basic configuration typically requires your Datadog API key. To submit your metrics to a different site (for example, the EU instance), the `site` configuration option is available.
```

## Integrations

The Unix Agent collects system metrics for:
  
* cpu
* filesystem
* iostat
* load
* memory
* uptime
* disk
* network

Additionally, the following integrations can be enabled to collect further metrics:

* process
* lparstats

> * [ibm_was (Websphere Application Server)](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-unix-agent/blob/master/checks/bundled/ibm_was/README.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ibm_was (Websphere Application Server)][3]
```

Reviewer: Then add this link to the bottom of the file as:

`[3]: https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-unix-agent/blob/master/checks/bundled/ibm_was/README.md`
